
# Bellabeat Case Study: Making Marketing Data-Driven
### Author: Dylan Viyar
### Last Updated: 2023-09-06

This case study is the final project of the Google Data Analytics Professional Certificate, hosted on Coursera. This analysis follows the data exploration process of *Ask, Prepare, Process, Analyze, Share, Act*


# 1: ASK

#### In this step, we ask meaningful, purposeful and insightful questions to clearly define the business task.

### 1.0 The Setting

Bellabeat is a high-tech manufacturer of health focused products for women, founded in 2013. The small company is looking to become a larger player in the wellness market, particularly in the realm of smart devices and wearable technology.

The executive staff at Bellabeat would like to conduct analysis on consumer usage of similar *non-Bellabeat* smart devices to gain insights on possible marketing strategies and opportnities.

### 1.1 Key Stakeholders

1. Urška Sršen: Cofounder of Bellabeat and Chief Creative Officer
2. Sando Mur: Cofounder of Bellabeat, Mathematician, and key member of Bellabeat's executive team
3. Bellabeat's Marketing Analytics Team: Team of data analysts working together to collect, analyze and report relevant data to supplement Bellabeat's marketing strategy.

### 1.2 Guiding Questions
*Note: When deciding what type of questions to ask to motivate analysis, it is important to ensure that the questions being asked are SMART (Specific, Measurable, Action-orientated, Relevant, and Time-bound)*

1. What are are some trends in smart device usage?
2. How can these trends apply to Bellabeat customers?
3. How can these trends ultimately influence the marketing strategy of Bellabeat?

### 1.3 Deliverables for the Case Study

1. A clear outline of the business task
2. A description of the data sources used
3. Documentation of any cleaning, manipulation or wrangling of the data
4. A summary of the analysis
5. Supplemental visualizations and key findings
6. A set of data-driven recommendations based on the analysis

### 1.4 The Business Task 

<center>*Analyze FitBit Fitness Tracker Data on user's daily habits to identify trends in usage and how those trends can impact Bellabeat's marketing strategy.*

---

# 2. PREPARE

#### In this step, we determine the quality of the data we have to work with and understand the possible limitations of our analysis due to the data source.

### 2.0 Background Information on the Data Source

1. The dataset is open data; available to the public on Kaggle as  [FitBit Fitness Tracker Data](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/arashnic/fitbit)
2. The dataset was generated by 30 respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk through March 2016 to May 2016
3. The data includes information on heart rate, sleep monitoring, step, and heart rate, which can be used to explore users’ habits
4. The data is stored in 18 CSV files

### 2.1 Downloading the Data




